The Arlong Park Arc is the fifth story arc of the manga and anime One Piece, and the fifth story arc of the East Blue Saga. This is the last arc of season one of the live-action series.

Zoro, Usopp and Johnny track Nami, who stole the Going Merry, to Cocoyasi Village, her hometown. They discover that it is ruled by Arlong and the Arlong Pirates, a pirate crew of Fish-Men of which Nami is a member. After Luffy and his new cook Sanji arrive on the island with Yosaku, Nami's past and true motives come to light. The Straw Hats decide to free both her and the village from the Fish-Men's claws.


Contents
1	Summary
1.1	A Town Under Siege: In Pursuit of Nami
1.2	A Mother's Love: The Navigator's Tragedy
1.3	Helping a Friend: Straw Hat Pirates vs. Arlong Pirates
1.4	Leaving with a Smile: The Navigator's Last Laugh
2	Story Impact
3	Anime and Manga Differences
3.1	4Kids Edits
4	Trivia
5	References
6	Arc Navigation
7	Site Navigation
Summary
A Town Under Siege: In Pursuit of Nami
The arc begins following the end of the Baratie Arc, with Luffy, Sanji, and Yosaku heading for Arlong Park on a small boat. To pass the time, Yosaku tells them about the Seven Warlords of the Sea and how this relates to their current destination. When Sanji doubts that Nami is heading there, Yosaku explains that they were able to estimate her course after he and Johnny had suspected the connection between the two before they were thrown off the Going Merry. The two had noticed that Nami had been interested in their copy of Arlong's wanted poster, and her behavior quickly became suspicious when they told her that Arlong recently had become more active. Meanwhile, Nami arrives at Arlong Park in the Going Merry. Once she arrives at the park's gate, a boy confronts her, trying to fight Arlong for the death of his father. Nami slaps him and gives him some money to make him leave. After this, Arlong and his crew are introduced, and it is revealed that Nami is part of Arlong's pirates.[1]

Zoro, Usopp, and Johnny arrive at the island, with the latter two tying up Zoro to prevent him from immediately fighting the Fish-Men. Seeing that two Fish-Men have spotted them, Usopp and Johnny abandon ship, leaving Zoro to be captured by them. They soon find themselves in the remains of Gosa Village, with all the houses upturned. One of the Fish-Men from earlier spots the two and starts chasing them. Johnny manages to escape and hide, while Usopp ends up getting attacked by the same boy from earlier, who had mistaken him for a Fish-Man. However, a woman manages to stop him. Seeing the real Fish-Man getting closer, Usopp readies to fight him, but gets knocked out by the woman, who claims it is not a good idea to fight one of the Fish-Men.[2]

Meanwhile, Luffy, Sanji, and Yosaku continue sailing, and just as they take a break to eat, they encounter a giant sea cow that is attracted to their food. Luffy punches it at first, prompting Sanji to reprimand him for it; but when he realizes the sea cow sees them as food, he quickly subdues it with one kick. The three then strap the boat to the sea cow and use it to tow them to the island.[3]

Meanwhile, Usopp awakens in the woman's house, who introduces herself as Nojiko. After convincing the boy to give up on his quest for vengeance, Nojiko reveals to Usopp that she is Nami's foster sister and the island is her hometown,[2] as well as Nami being part of Arlong's crew. Usopp then panics after he realizes what he has gotten Zoro into. Meanwhile, Zoro is brought to Arlong Park, where he finds out about Nami's allegiance to Arlong. After some banter, in which Arlong proudly states that Nami is the type of person who would betray even her own family for the sake of riches (which visibly disturbs her), Zoro throws himself into the water to test Nami's allegiance. She saves Zoro but beats him to reassure the Fish-Men that she is still part of Arlong's crew.[4]

A Mother's Love: The Navigator's Tragedy
Bell-mère Protects Nami and Nojiko
Bell-mère protects her daughters from Arlong.

Arlong then heads to Cocoyasi Village, where he confronts Genzo, the village sheriff, for simply collecting a new weapon. It is here that Nojiko reveals to Usopp, both of whom are watching, about the monthly fee the villagers have to pay Arlong in order to survive.[4] Just as Arlong is about to kill Genzo, Usopp saves him. He runs as some of the Fish-Men come after him, while the others drag Arlong off before he goes berserk. Nami arrives sometime later, but the villagers treat her coldly and leave, save for Nojiko and Genzo. The two sisters later visit the grave site of Nami's adoptive mother, Bell-mère, where Nami reveals she is almost finished paying Arlong's fee to buy back Cocoyasi.[5]

At Arlong Park, Zoro has busted free from the dungeon (with help from Nami, who cut his bonds)[4] and defeated all the Fish-Men. He meets the octopus Fish-Man Hatchan, who is oblivious of what happened at the park, and, thinking Zoro is a corrupt Marine, tows him to Cocoyasi. However, after landing, he overhears some villagers talk about Usopp's attack on the Fish-Men and quickly tries to rush back to the park to save him. However, it is already too late, as the Fish-Men have captured Usopp and threaten to kill him.[3] Nami happens upon the scene and threatens to kill Usopp herself. Usopp tries to get away with a smoke bomb, but Nami intercepts him, stabbing him with a knife, before kicking him into the ocean to drown. This convinces Arlong and the Fish-Men that she is indeed one of them, while from afar Johnny looks on in horror.[6]

Luffy's group finally arrives on the island and runs into Zoro, before Johnny arrives and tells the group what happened to Usopp. Nami soon meets them[7] and reminds Luffy that she just partnered up with him for the treasure, as she tells the group to take their ship back and get off the island. Luffy refuses, causing Nami to angrily walk away. Johnny and Yosaku also split off, not wanting to be killed by the Fish-Men. At this moment, Usopp is shown to be alive and well, as Nami had stabbed her hand instead of him and he merely fainted. He comes across Luffy and the others and tells them what really happened. Nojiko finds the four and agrees to tell them the reason behind Nami's motives.[8] Though Luffy and Zoro do not hear it, Sanji and Usopp (as well as an eavesdropping Johnny and Yosaku) listen to the story of Nami's past.

When Nami was a little girl, she and her older sister Nojiko lived with their adoptive mother, Bell-mère. Although they were poor, they were happy, before Arlong came.[9] Upon his arrival, he demanded that the citizens of the island pay him for their lives - 100,000 per adult, and 50,000 per child. Needless to say, Bell-mère could not pay this fee, only being able to come up with 100,000. And, although the two little girls were hiding, she decided to sacrifice her own life so that they could live freely. Arlong agreed to Bell-mère's terms, and killed her in front of the two little girls.[10] Not only that, but Arlong decided to take Nami with him, deciding her cartography skills would be useful. Later, Nojiko found Nami at Bell-mère's grave as she revealed to Nojiko that she made a deal with Arlong to buy back Cocoyasi Village for 100,000,000.[11]

Back in the present, Marine forces led by Captain Nezumi land on the island. Nezumi has Genzo take him to Nami and Nojiko's household,[8] where he accuses Nami of harboring illegal money. Nami tries to stop them, but the Marines find the money. Genzo reveals to the Marines that the money is for the repurchase of the town, admitting to a startled Nami that he and the townspeople always knew what she was doing after she "joined" Arlong. Nami tries to prevent the Marines from taking the money, but fails. Nojiko is also shot in the stomach when she tries to protect her. Nami runs back to Arlong and accuses him of sending the Marines to look for her money. However, Arlong denies it, claiming he never broke their deal,[12] before telling her that if she wants her village back, she will just need to start again from scratch. Nami runs off as he laughs.

Back in the village, Genzo rallies the villagers, wanting to attack Arlong for going back on the deal he and Nami brokered. Nami tries to halt them, but their minds are set as they head for Arlong Park. A furious and upset Nami stabs herself in the arm where Arlong's tattoo is, only to be stopped by Luffy. After his interruption, Nami finally asks for his help. He places his straw hat on her and agrees. With that, Luffy, Zoro, Usopp, and Sanji head for Arlong Park.[13]

Helping a Friend: Straw Hat Pirates vs. Arlong Pirates
Johnny and Yosaku, who tried to take on Arlong and failed, stop the villagers at the gate, telling them to wait for "those guys" to show up (referring to the Straw Hats). When the crew arrives, Luffy breaks down the door[13] and slugs Arlong for making Nami cry. The rest of the Fish-Men attack, along with Momoo, the sea cow from earlier. However, Luffy dispatches them by grabbing Momoo and spinning him around like a pinwheel using his rubber powers. This leaves Arlong and his three subordinates, Hatchan, Chew, and Kuroobi, the only ones left standing.[14] The last attack, however, leaves Luffy's feet stuck in the ground, which Arlong notices and takes advantage of by uprooting the gravel around Luffy's legs and throwing him into the ocean, proclaiming that it is a "game" and the other Straw Hats must beat the Fish-Men to save Luffy. Zoro takes on Hatchan despite his wound and a fever,[15][16] and manages to win against Hatchan's Six Sword Style with help from Johnny and Yosaku.[17]

Six Sword Style Infobox
Hachi uses Six Sword Style.

Sanji fights Kuroobi, but is nearly defeated when he goes into the water to rescue Luffy. However, seeing that Nojiko and Genzo are helping Luffy, Sanji brings Kuroobi up to dry land and defeats him.[18] Meanwhile, Usopp fights Chew outside of Arlong Park. At first, he fakes his defeat so Chew will leave him alone. However, remembering the others fighting for Nami's sake, Usopp gains the courage to take him on and eventually defeats Chew by drenching him with alcohol and lighting him on fire,[19] before repeatedly bashing his head with his hammer until he is knocked out.

Nami arrives in the midst of the battle and sides with the villagers to fight against Arlong. Luckily, Nojiko and Genzo revive Luffy[20] and Sanji frees him from the rock on his feet so he can finally fight Arlong one-on-one.[21] A rough battle ensues as Luffy and Arlong trade blows around the park,[22][23] until Arlong forces Luffy to escape into a room at the top of the tower. Arlong reveals that it is where Nami slaved away making maps for him. When Arlong pronounces that Luffy cannot use Nami the way he can,[24] this proves to be the turning point as Luffy begins to destroy the room that has brought Nami grief through the years (with Nami thanking him as she watches furniture she worked on fall from the tower). Arlong tries to stop him with a final attack, but Luffy takes the attack and smashes Arlong through the tower, finally defeating him and destroying the park in the process.[25]

Arlong Lies Defeated
Arlong is defeated by Luffy.

Leaving with a Smile: The Navigator's Last Laugh
At first everyone believes Luffy is dead, but he emerges from the wreckage yelling "Nami, you are my friend!!", to which she wholeheartedly agrees. The villagers then celebrate their freedom, though it is almost spoiled by Nezumi, who tries to claim Arlong's money for himself. Some swift beatings from Nami and the rest of the Straw Hats convince him otherwise. Nezumi retreats, swearing revenge against Luffy. He reports Luffy's victory to his Marine base.[26]

Bell-mère's Grave Pre Timeskip
Genzo's pinwheel on Bell-mère's grave.

In the aftermath, the villagers throw a party celebrating their heroes. Luffy finds Genzo at Bell-mère's grave site, where he makes Luffy promise not to take Nami's smile; otherwise, he will hunt him down and kill him himself. Nami gets a new tattoo of a tangerine and a pinwheel merged to replace her Arlong one. The next day, Johnny and Yosaku bid the Straw Hats farewell since they are bounty hunters, and it would not look good to be traveling with pirates. As the crew gets ready to leave, they realize Nami has not arrived yet. Nami then yells for them to cast off as she runs for the docks. The confused villagers try to stop her so they can say goodbye, but she runs past them and jumps onto the ship. She pulls up her shirt to reveal that she stole all the villagers' wallets as she ran past, causing all of them to yell, "You little brat!" Despite their disbelief and anger, they wave goodbye to her and the Straw Hats as they leave the island.

As she watches them go, Nojiko realizes Genzo is not wearing the pinwheel he once wore on his hat to make Nami laugh when she was a baby and to make her feel better as she grew up. When asked, Genzo tells Nojiko that he doesn't need it anymore. The scene then changes to reveal the pinwheel on Bell-mère's grave as the Going Merry sails off to the Grand Line.[27]

Story Impact
Nami permanently joins the Straw Hat Pirates as their navigator, making them ready to reach the Grand Line. It also explains her unusual behavior in the previous arcs (her hatred of pirates in the Orange Town Arc,[28] and one of her warnings to Zoro at the Baratie when she manipulates Sanji).[29]
The first non-human race of the series is presented with the Fish-Men. The Fish-Men's racism against humans seems to stem from their own discrimination from past treatment, as revealed in the Sabaody Archipelago,[30] Amazon Lily,[31] and Fish-Man Island Arcs.
Jinbe's name is revealed,[1] although he will not appear until the Impel Down Arc (459 chapters after being mentioned).
As Sanji found out from Yosaku about Jinbe's connection to the Arlong Pirates, he would later confront Jinbe about this when they met during the Fish-Man Island Arc.[32]
In the Sabaody Archipelago arc, some of the Straw Hats would visit Sabaody Park, a park that would resemble Arlong Park.[33] The similarity would be confirmed in the Fish-Man Island arc, where it was revealed that Arlong Park was built in the image of Sabaody Park due to the Fish-Mens' desire to be accepted into human society.[32]
Sometime after this story arc, prior to the Summit War Saga, Hatchan would star in the manga mini-arc Hatchan's Sea-Floor Stroll, which would reveal how he escaped from the Marines and how he opened his takoyaki stand, which the Straw Hats visit in the Sabaody Archipelago arc.
This manga mini arc also introduces several characters that are included in the Sabaody Archipelago arc, including the Macro Pirates and their grudge against Hatchan.[34]
Yosaku reveals the existence of a group of seven pirates hired by the World Government: the Seven Warlords of the Sea. He also mentions Jinbe and Dracule Mihawk, who they met during the Baratie Arc, to be two of the Seven Warlords.[1]
Nezumi's report, as well as Luffy's defeat of Buggy and Don Krieg, would later give Luffy his first bounty 30,000,000.[35]
This arc introduces Momoo, who gets hurt from Luffy and Sanji's attacks and will later fall under the command of the Caribou Pirates during the Fish-Man Island Arc (522 chapters after his last appearance).[36]
After defeating the Arlong Pirates, the Straw Hat Pirates gained a bad reputation amongst the New Fish-Man Pirates.[37]
Hatchan states that he is the second-best swordsman on Fish-Man Island, foreshadowing the appearance of Hyouzou later on in the series.[16]
This is the first arc to hint at Luffy recruiting a doctor for his crew when Dr. Nako suggests it around the end of this arc.[26] However, it wouldn't be until the Drum Island Arc that this idea would be taken more seriously,[38] which would ultimately lead to Tony Tony Chopper being recruited into the crew.[39]
Luffy also expresses his desire to find a musician, which would lead into Brook joining later on.
Anime and Manga Differences
In the anime, two flashback scenes are added that show some of the good times Nami had with the Straw Hat Pirates, one where Luffy, Nami, and Usopp are playing cards, and another when the Going Merry springs a leak.
In the manga, Nojiko is shot by three marines ordered by Nezumi. However, in the anime, Nezumi himself shoots Nojiko. He intended to hit Nami, but Nojiko gets in the way.
In the manga, Nojiko is shot in the stomach, while in the anime, she is shot in the shoulder.
In the anime, Luffy encounters Chew, Kuroobi, and Hatchan while on a walk, who are examining the remains of a boat that recently crashed around Cocoyasi Village. Hatchan happily sends Luffy on his way after he answers a few questions, though Kuroobi is surprised that Luffy was not intimidated by their appearance. This encounter would later cause Hatchan to recognize Luffy after he goes to face Arlong.
In the manga, Bell-mère is shot in the head; however, this is edited in the anime, and she is shot in the chest.
In the manga, after Zoro heals the first time from his injuries, Hatchan attempts to finish him by punching down a pillar and letting it fall on the swordsman, though instead it falls on Hatchan. He then later bursts out of the rubble with the swords. In the anime, this does not happen; instead, Hatchan shows off his skill in Six Sword Style to whip up a small twister.
In the manga, the injured Johnny and Yosaku mention that they overheard Nojiko earlier telling the Straw Hats about Nami's past, and it motivated them to face Arlong, though they lost by a hair's breadth. In the anime, while their encounter with the villagers is just about the same, it adds an additional scene one episode earlier, which shows them crying after Nojiko finished her story.
In the manga, Nami is wearing a shirt when she is being treated by the doctor in her village and receiving her new tattoo. In the anime, Nami is wearing no shirt for this scene.
4Kids Edits
Most of the arc is cut for either length of time or violence (such as Nami stabbing her arm). Near the final battle with Arlong, many major cuts take place, quickly jumping to the Loguetown Arc without much reason. Here are the major cuts from the 4Kids dub:

Arlong's racism against humans is kept, but in the dub, he claims humans stink, calling them "Pew-mans".
Half of Nami's past is shown. One of the main changes is that instead of killing Bell-mère in front of Nami, Arlong is said to have taken Bell-mère as a slave and kept her in a dungeon. She, however, is never mentioned again, implying either that she died since then, or that she is simply forgotten by Nami.
The fight at the top of the tower in Arlong Park where Luffy destroys most of the room in a fit of rage is taken out.
The footage for many of the battles is redone, including merging Zoro and Sanji's fights against Hatchan and Kuroobi into a single episode.
Most of the fight between Usopp and Chew is removed to avoid referencing Usopp's bluff of using ketchup to pretend he's bleeding to death. The alcohol Usopp threw at Chew was changed to oil, but strangely, Usopp setting Chew on fire was not changed.
An entire episode showing the aftermath of the battle and the villagers celebrating their freedom from the Fish-Men is cut, in addition to Nami "talking" with Bell-mère about becoming a pirate and leaving her hometown.
Fish-Men are referred to as "Mermen", which creates a continuity error when the Straw Hats first see a Mermaid in Water 7.
A gurgling effect is added to the voices of all the Fish-Men.
Trivia
A two-hour remake of the arc was released under the name Episode of Nami: The Tears of a Navigator and Bonds of Friends. It aired on August 25, 2012.
References
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 8 Chapter 69 and Episode 31.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 8 Chapter 70 and Episodes 31–32.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 9 Chapter 73 and Episodes 32–33.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 8 Chapter 71 and Episodes 31–32.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 9 Chapter 72 and Episode 32.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 9 Chapter 74 and Episode 33.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 9 Chapter 75 and Episodes 33–34.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 9 Chapter 76 and Episode 34.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 9 Chapter 77 and Episodes 34–35.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 9 Chapter 78 and Episodes 35–36.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 9 Chapter 79 and Episode 36.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 9 Chapter 80 and Episodes 36–37.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 9 Chapter 81 and Episode 37.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 10 Chapter 82 and Episode 38.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 10 Chapter 83 and Episode 38.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 10 Chapter 84 and Episode 39.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 10 Chapter 85 and Episode 39.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 10 Chapter 86 and Episodes 39–40.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 10 Chapter 87 and Episode 40.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 10 Chapter 88 and Episodes 40–41.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 10 Chapter 89 and Episode 41.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 10 Chapter 90 and Episodes 41–42.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 11 Chapter 91 and Episode 42.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 11 Chapter 92 and Episode 42.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 11 Chapter 93 and Episode 43.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 11 Chapter 94 and Episode 43.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 11 Chapter 95 and Episode 44.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 2 Chapter 9 (p. 14) and Episode 5, Nami tells Luffy that the thing she hates most in the world are pirates.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 6 Chapter 46 (p. 7) and Episode 22, Zoro accuses Nami of bewitching Sanji when she manipulates him for a free meal. She then tells Zoro that they better watch out, too.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 51 Chapter 500 (p. 10) and Episode 394, Nico Robin explains to Nami the discrimination faced by mermaids and fish-men.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 53 Chapter 521 and Episode 415, Boa Hancock tells Luffy how a fish-man freed slaves from the Celestial Dragons, including she and her sisters.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 63 Chapter 620 and Episode 539.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 51 Chapter 499 and Episode 393.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 51 Chapter 492 and Episode 387.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 11 Chapter 96 and Episode 45.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 62 Chapter 604 and Episode 524, The Straw Hats, on their way to Fish-Man Island, are attacked by the Caribou Pirates whose ship is being pulled under the sea by Momoo.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 63 Chapter 615 and Episode 534.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 15 Chapters 129–130 and Episode 78, The Straw Hats decide to find a doctor to cure Nami after she gets sick from being bitten by a tick back in Little Garden.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 17 Chapter 153 and Episode 90.
Arc Navigation
Arlong Park Arc
Manga Chapters
69	70	71	72	73	74	75	76	77	78	79
80	81	82	83	84	85	86	87	88	89	90
91	92	93	94	95
Manga Volumes
8	9	10	11
Anime Episodes
31	32	33	34	35	36	37	38	39	40	41
42	43	44
Specials
Episode of Nami • Episode of East Blue
Live Action Episodes
The Girl with the Sawfish Tattoo • Worst in the East
