One Piece The Movie: Dead End Adventure (ONE PIECE THE MOVIE デッドエンドの冒険, Wan Pīsu Za Mūbī: Deddo Endo no Bōken?) is the fourth animated movie of the anime, One Piece.


Contents
1	Synopsis
2	Plot
3	Cast
4	Trivia
5	External links
6	Site Navigation
Synopsis
Desperate for cash, the Straw Hat Pirates enter a secret race between pirate crews known as the Dead End Competition. There, they must battle against powerful people, including a former Marine-turned-pirate, Captain Gasparde, and the bounty hunter who wants to kill him. However, with Gasparde's deadly scheme, are all of his opponents doomed from the start?

Plot
The movie starts with a marine ship caught in a large storm while firing at what's confirmed to be the Going Merry. Due to the stormy weather and Nami's exceptional navigational skills, the marines are left behind. The ship's commanding officer is then called by headquarters and told to keep looking out for pirates gathering in the area, as one of them could be a man known as Gasparde, "the marines' indelible stain". The Straw Hat crew (as of the Jaya Arc) is then shown chowing down on some food in a pirate filled bar. A mysterious man talks to the bartender then presents him with two 100 Belly coins, and the man is then taken by the bartender through a door.

Nami gets suspicious of that and sees it as a chance to make some money, so she asks the bartender what is going on, and after a little coaxing he tells them there is a great, but very dangerous, opportunity through the door. As the crew enters the mysterious door they are surprised to see it is the opening to a large tunnel, the bartender leaves them with one last hint "the password is 2 100 Belly coins".

As the crew approaches the ending of the tunnel an old man approaches, Nami shows him the coins and he lets them through. Inside they find themselves in a large cave filled with pirates, their flags proudly displayed on the walls.

Having been there with another pirate crew in the past, Nico Robin recognizes the place as the site of the Dead End Race, a very dangerous anything goes sailing competition in which the winner can get a cash prize of up to 300,000,000. The crew is introduced to some of the most prominent participants this year: two giants, a fish-man and former rival of Arlong, and the favorite to win Gasparde, a former marine officer who deserted after killing his crew. While Nami registers the crew for the race, Luffy gets involved in a fight against some of Gasparde's men along with an infamous bounty hunter by the name of Shuraiya Bascùd, eventually meeting Gasparde himself but leaving without fighting him directly.

Dead End Race Infobox
Going Merry and several other ships falling.

The next morning the Straw Hats set sail along with many other pirate ships for the parade start which involves sailing off a waterfall, fighting off other pirates, and navigating sharp turns before even reaching the ocean. Several pirate crews are wrecked, but they manage to leave the island and officially enter the race. However, while checking the ship, they find a stowaway, a kid named Anaguma who snuck into the ship to kill them for their bounties, but gave up after witnessing their strength. She is then allowed to stay on board until the end of the race.

After a few more encounters with Bigalo's crew and some sea kings, the Straw Hats arrive at Partia, the supposed finish line of the race. However it turns out to be a marine stronghold that quickly sinks any incoming pirate ships. Robin points out the log pose to be fake, finding out a plaque with the wrong destination had been attached over the real one. Luffy realizes Gasparde rigged the race and the crew manages to escape the stronghold and track down Gasparde's ship using Chopper's nose.

Meanwhile, onboard Gasparde's ship the Salamander, Shuraiya tries to attack Gasparde after infiltrating his crew the previous night, but is stopped by the first mate Needless. Despite eventually defeating him, Shuraiya is then overwhelmed by Gasparde and his Devil Fruit powers that turn him into candy syrup, and thus make him impervious to the bounty hunter's attacks. Just when Gaparde about to finish him off, the Straw Hats arrive and Luffy boards the ship, taking down Gasparde's remaining subordinates on his way to punish Gasparde for leading him into a marine ambush. Shuraiya tries to stop him, as he has his own fight with Gasparde for destroying his hometown in the past and killing his little sister, but Luffy knocks him out of his way. Luffy and Gasparde proceed to fight while Anaguma reunites with his grandpa Biera, the Salamander's original engineer enslaved by Gasparde, and tries to get him to leave the ship. Instead he sends Anaguma on ahead while he claim he has one last thing to do.

Luffy's fight with Gasparde goes in the latter's favor until Sanji brings sacks of flour to Luffy, having realized a weakness of Gasparde's power. Meanwhile, Biera overloads the Salamander's boiler to make it explode and sink it along with Gasparde. On the Merry, after realizing he is not coming, Anaguma begs the Straw Hats to go rescue him until Zoro knocks him out, making him lose his hat. It is then revealed Anaguma is actually a girl. When the boiler room finally explodes, Luffy manages to stay in the ship's remains, using one sacks of flour to cover himself from Gasparde's next attack, which breaks it and leaves the pirate covered in flour. Surprisingly, this allows Luffy to bypass Gasparde's invulnerability, using the second sack to cover him in flour too to leave him even more defenseless against him, finally defeating him and launching him into a cyclone

Luffy Defeats Gasparde
Luffy's Gomu Gomu no Bazooka against Gasparde.

Luffy is then taken out of the ship by Biera and Shuraiya, and the three go back to the Merry and leave with the rest of the Straw Hats and Anaguma. As they head for the nearest island to leave their guests there, Biera reveals he adopted Anaguma and that her real name is Adelle Bascùd, Shuraiya's long-lost sister. Despite the awkward reuniting, the two come to accept each other.

The Straw Hats close in on the real Partia as the winners of the race but the marine ships from the beginning of the movie suddenly appear and go after them, forcing them to flee the island and forfeit their prize money, much to Nami's disappointment. They leave Adelle, Shuraiya, and Biera on land and say their goodbyes before sailing off with the marines on their tail.

Cast
Voice actor	Character
Mayumi Tanaka	Monkey D. Luffy
Kazuya Nakai	Roronoa Zoro
Akemi Okamura	Nami
Kappei Yamaguchi	Usopp
Hiroaki Hirata	Sanji
Ikue Ohtani	Tony Tony Chopper
Yuriko Yamaguchi	Nico Robin
Miki Sakai	Adelle Bascùd
Tarou Ishida	Gasparde
Jūrōta Kosugi	Needless, Willy
Mitsuru Miyamoto	Shuraiya Bascùd
Ichirou Nagai	Biera
Eiji Takemoto	Drake
Daisuke Gōri	Bookie, Pogo
Tetsu Inada	Bobby, Marine
Kōji Haramaki	Bigalo
Shūichi Ikeda	Shanks
Takeshi Aono	Bartender
Trivia
Since Robin is seen to be a part of the crew and the Straw Hats are traveling on the Going Merry and the crew do not know the new bounties, this movie must take place at some point between the Arabasta Arc and the Jaya Arc. Luffy also makes a statement about Gasparde's bounty being higher than Crocodile's, having defeated him recently. Furthermore, Robin asks if things are always as lively on the ship once Luffy resolves to fight Gasparde, indicating she has just joined the crew, which would put this closer to the end of the Arabasta Arc. Given its release date, and the lack of serious damage to the Going Merry, the most likely intended placement for it is between the Goat Island Arc and the Ruluka Island Arc.
The scene of the crew running into the Calm Belt is reused for this movie with the same Sea Kings once again being used. The last time this scene was seen was in the Warship Island Arc.
The Marine base where all of the pirates were led was identified on the eternal pose as Navarone, the location of the G-8 Arc over a year later. Furthermore, Drake, who is second-in-command at Navarone during the G-8 Arc, is in command of the fleet pursuing the Straw Hats at the beginning and end of the movie.
This film's ending follows directly into the next movie in the series, The Cursed Holy Sword.
For a moment after Adelle points out who Biera is to Zoro after he boards the stolen paddleboat and puts down Adelle, who he had been carrying against her wishes, Zoro's mouth disappears. 
The end credits feature a cartoonish version of the Going Merry fleeing a Marine warship occasionally firing at it, which resembles the sequence from the first opening, We Are!, and another sequence from a future opening, Brand New World. It continues to show the Merry and warship in dogged pursuit, encountering a cyclone (just like in the movie, except represented by a cartoonish whirlwind with a kanji in the middle of it) and being blown off course before returning to the pursuit, the Merry reaching winter islands, and then Luffy finally using his Gomu Gomu no Pistol to punch the warship, causing it to apparently sink, but it stays afloat and resumes the chase even more aggressively. Then, Laboon is seen swimming into view at the end of the sequence in a cameo, with Luffy's painted-on Jolly Roger.
The bartender appears again as a bartender in Shiki's palace in Strong World.
The outfits the Straw Hats are wearing throughout the movie are the exact same ones they wear at the end of the Skypiea Arc.
This was the final One Piece film to be transferred to 35mm film. The Cursed Holy Sword would mark the first film in the franchise to be transferred to digital.

The bartender as seen in movie 4.

His cameo in movie 10.