One Piece Film: Strong World is the 10th One Piece film of the series. It was written by manga creator Eiichiro Oda himself.[2] It was directed by Munehisa Sakai.

News of the movie first appeared during a showing of the Episode of Chopper Plus, during which a teaser for the tenth movie was revealed. The movie was originally meant for a spring release in 2009, but complications with the script pushed the release date back. Eventually, the movie premiered on December 12, 2009. On July 28, 2013, Funimation announced that they had acquired the license to One Piece Film: Strong World and have since released it on November 19, 2013.[3]

As stated, the film is an original story written by Eiichiro Oda himself in honor of One Piece's Tenth Anniversary. In previous films, Oda only supplied character designs and approved story ideas. For One Piece Film: Strong World, Toei personally asked if he would write the script. The movie is set between the Thriller Bark Arc and the Sabaody Archipelago Arc, as Brook is shown alongside the other Straw Hat Pirates (making this his first movie appearance), and Sengoku and Garp are still in their positions in the Marines.

As a promotion for the movie, the first 1.5 million Japanese moviegoers who went to see One Piece Film: Strong World received Volume 0 of the manga. The "0th Volume" includes Chapter 0 that shows the world of One Piece 20 years ago, and is directly linked to the movie—in particular, it depicts the war between the "Pirate King" Gol D. Roger and the legendary pirate "Golden Lion" Shiki.[4]


Contents
1	Synopsis
2	Plot
3	Related Episodes
3.1	Episode 0
3.2	Little East Blue Arc
4	Cast
5	Gallery
5.1	Promotional
5.2	Art by Oda
5.3	Wardrobe
6	Strong World Books
7	Reception
7.1	Box Office
8	Dub Version
9	Trivia
10	References
11	External links
12	Site Navigation
Synopsis
East Blue in crisis? The news hits the Straw Hat Pirates along their journey. With their hometowns facing a pinch, Luffy and his friends put their adventures on hold and decide to head back to East Blue, when suddenly a mysterious flying pirate ship appears out of the sky. The man heading that ship is none other than the infamous Devil Fruit user, Golden Lion Shiki, the same legendary pirate who managed to escape the great undersea prison Impel Down and stood among such infamous pirates as the "Pirate King" Gol D. Roger and Whitebeard. After abducting Nami for her intuitive navigational skills, Shiki sends Luffy and his crew hurdling down to his own personal floating islands. Separated, the crew finds themselves placed in a battle of survival with terrifying beasts in mysterious surroundings.

What happens to the Straw Hat pirates? What is Shiki after? An adventure where the Straw Hats place their very lives on the line begins now![5]

Plot
The story begins at Marine Headquarters where Vice Admiral Garp and Fleet Admiral Sengoku witness Shiki's ship floating in the sky overhead. Shiki uses a power to lift all the Marine vessels into the sky, then drops them before departing, declaring that this is a warning.

Next, Luffy is seen, currently on an island floating in the sky, and ends up being chased by a crocodile-like monster. This monster is overcome by another, which in turn battles another several times while Luffy watches until he finally briefly battles and defeats the final victor, a bear-like creature, using Gear 3. It is revealed that the various members of the Straw Hats are separated around the floating island, Sanji with Usopp, Zoro with Chopper, and finally Robin, Franky, and Brook together who are all encountering similar monstrous animals.

Straw Hat Pirates Meet Shiki
The Straw Hat Pirates meet Shiki.

Nami, meanwhile, is first shown swimming in a large swimming pool in Shiki's mansion. Shiki and his henchmen enter, where it is revealed that she has been taken to this place against her will and the scene flashes back to a week earlier. On board the Thousand Sunny, the Straw Hats read news of attacks on East Blue. Luffy says they will return to East Blue to protect it when Shiki's ship appears overhead. Nami feels the air pressure changing and warns of a coming storm. Luffy calls out to Shiki's ship, attempting to warn them, gaining Shiki's attention. Shiki sends down a Tone Dial to record the warning. His own navigators initially disagree that a storm is approaching, but it does indeed appear and with Nami's direction, both ships successfully escape it.

Afterwards, Shiki shoots his navigator for his incompetence, and comes down to the Sunny to meet Nami. There he reveals he has a Devil Fruit power to make any inanimate object he touches ignore gravity and float. After learning it was Nami that delivered the warning, and that they are headed to East Blue, Shiki offers to take them there and uses his power on Sunny. Together the two ships travel to Merveille, the floating island seen before where Shiki suddenly kidnaps Nami. The others try to rescue her, but by controlling the Thousand Sunny using his power, he escapes them, as well as scattering them among the fragments of the island.

Nami Protects Billy
Nami defends Billy.

Back in the present, Shiki asks Nami to become his navigator, but she refuses. Dr. Indigo appears with an 'evolved' creature: a duck/peacock-like bird that can produce electricity to shock its enemies. After being shocked by it, Shiki tosses it aside. It is explained that a plant here, called IQ, can cause animals to evolve very rapidly, making them very strong. Dr. Indigo reveals he enhanced the drug, dubbing it SIQ, which Shiki has used on the island's animals causing them to mutate to large proportions as well as increase their intellect and aggression. Nami protects the bird, and the bird is left with her as Shiki and his men leave.

Elsewhere, Sanji and Usopp fight off various animals while Sanji searches for Robin and Nami, eventually falling from one island fragment to another before ending up in a lake just next to a village. Meanwhile, Zoro and Chopper rescue a young girl, Xiao, and are led to her village. Along the way, they learn the large poisonous plants, called Daft Green, around the village emit a stink so powerful that the animals stay away. However, long term exposure to the plants is poisonous to humans, and Xiao's grandmother has become ill from it. Xiao was outside looking for the cure, which is the IQ plant, and managed to find one, but Shiki has taken all the IQ plants for his experiments. Sanji and Usopp, also at the same village, where everyone appears to have small wings on their arms, learn that Shiki also takes all the men and young women to his royal palace, leaving the village with only the very young and old with strict monitoring around the clock. They soon meet up with Zoro and Chopper.

Luffy and Nami Running From Danger
Luffy and Nami running from danger.

Nami manages to escape her captivity with the help of the bird and finds the Thousand Sunny. Only moments later, Luffy, being chased by several giant scorpions and a humongous lion, arrives. The bird defeats the scorpions with its electricity, then eats them alongside Luffy, who decides to name the bird "Billy". After Nami and Luffy talk about what has happened, they soon decide to search for the others, using Billy to fly. Robin's group, meanwhile, find a large building where many pirates are gathering, similarly protected by poison plants. They learn there that Shiki is planning to let loose the animals on the island into East Blue in a gambit to force the surrender of the World Government. They also learn that to prove the power of the animals, he is planning a demonstration using a village on the floating island.

Luffy and Nami join the others at the village, and they too learn of the plan from the village residents, who, not knowing where the Straw Hats originate, are relieved to be rid of the monsters.

Straw Hats vs. Shiki
Shiki confronting the Straw Hats.

Nami is seen by a Den Den Mushi camera, and Shiki decides to personally head over to retrieve her. He arrives sometime later and confronts the Straw Hats who are there. Despite some initial success in fending him off, the Straw Hats are defeated, and Nami is coerced into rejoining Shiki by him agreeing to leave them, and her hometown be. Usopp, the only remaining crew member conscious tries to stop her, but Shiki knocks him out.

Nami records a message, using the Tone Dial, which is supposed to be a farewell message. After leaving it, Shiki's men remove the poisonous plants around the village, and cause the animals to destroy it. Xiao and the other villagers took shelter in an underground bunker. Nami watches this from Shiki's palace, apparently uncaring. Robin's group arrives shortly after, revive, and rejoin the rest of the crew. Xiao reappears and gives them the Dial. Her mother, who earlier had expressed relief about the animals being sent to East Blue, apologizes for saying how happy she was for Shiki leaving for East Blue. They then play the message, and after hearing only the first bit of it, Luffy is angered to the point that he will not listen to the rest (the rest of the crew does, however).

Straw hats assemble
The Straw Hats return to take back Nami.

Back at Shiki's place, Nami is found to have in fact been attempting to blow up the plants protecting his palace but was overcome by the poison. Shiki traps her near the plants and heads off to meet the pirate captains gathering. While preparing a sakazuki ceremony for the unification of the fleet and a toast for the commencement of the operation, the Straw Hats burst into the palace using Sunny, then march into the main meeting room brandishing various firearms. After a short confrontation, where Shiki calls them simply a suicide squad, and reveals hundreds of men around them. Luffy says that Nami was simply the vanguard and that they are the main force.

They unload their firearms in the room, defeating most those gathered, then split up to defeat the rest. Luffy chases after Shiki, telling Chopper and Usopp to find Nami. Nami is found by Billy who helps her ignite the explosives just as Chopper and Usopp find her.

Luffy vs. Shiki
Luffy vs. Shiki

While all escape harm from the explosion, animals from outside storm the palace adding to the chaos within. Chopper realizes the only way to save Nami is to find the IQ medicine, but Shiki attempts to stop them. However, Luffy appears, in Gear 2, and starts fighting him, with the help of Billy.

Usopp and Chopper find the IQ plant, but find the medicine is being held by Dr. Indigo. Zoro fights him and using Asura defeats him and retrieves the medicine. Sanji and Brook, meanwhile, witness another of Shiki's henchmen, Scarlet, an ape man, attempting to kiss an earlier incapacitated Robin. Sanji quickly defeats him using Diable Jambe, but Brook ends up receiving Robin's thanks when he catches her. Nami also recovers and feeling a storm approaching has an idea.

Luffy, still battling Shiki, is overcome when Shiki surrounds him with water. Shiki then receives a Den Den Mushi call warning of the storm and asking him to redirect the island which he does. Unknown to him, the call was in fact coerced by Usopp and Chopper, and that Nami has led them directly into the storm. The various remaining pirates realize this and retreat, while the Straw Hats rig the palace with explosives. Shiki returns to the palace and confronts them, but Luffy also reappears, having recovered.

Once more using Gear 3, he places his giant foot into the clouds, gaining an electric charge and uses this to enhance his giant axe. Shiki at first thinks the lightning will kill Luffy, not realizing Luffy's rubber state will protect him. By the time Shiki realizes his mistake, Luffy hits him with the attack, both smashing and electrifying him to the ground, defeating him and destroying an entire island in the process. The other Straw Hats escape using Thousand Sunny, using Shiki's pirate sail as a parachute. Luffy is recovered by Billy while the villagers are shown flying away using the wings on their arms.

Luffy Emerges Victorious from Fight with Shiki
Luffy emerges victorious.

The story ends with the Marines gathering below to capture the fleeing pirates, including Shiki, and witnessing the islands crash into the sea, now free of Shiki's power. The Sunny is seen in the sky, and they prepare to attack it. Back at Marine Headquarters, Sengoku comments that the Straw Hats were the ones to deal with this, and the Marines did nothing.

Later, it shown the Straw Hats managed to evade the Marines and continue on with their adventure. Luffy confronts Nami about the message she left on the Tone Dial, angry that she did not have faith in them. When the others revealed he did not hear the whole message, Nami tries to stop Luffy from playing it, feeling embarrassed of its content. She, Luffy, and Usopp wrestle over the Dial (Luffy wanting to hear the message, Nami trying to prevent him and throw the Dial overboard, and Usopp wanting to keep the Dial since it was valuable). As the Tone Dial is knocked off the ship, it is revealed that on the other half of the message Nami indeed asked them to save her.

Later, on the islands, it has gotten more peaceful as the animals have lost their aggressive savagery. Meanwhile, Billy is greeting the animals and the people of the village as he flies past them. He lands on a rock and greets Xiao who is in a flower field as she waves at the screen.

Related Episodes
Episode 0
Further information: One Piece Film Strong World: Episode 0
Three years before the Great Age of Pirates, in Marineford, Marine Headquarters gets word that Gol D. Roger and Gold Lion Shiki are having a confrontation. Hearing this, Vice Admiral Garp walks out on the current Fleet Admiral, Kong, and forces his way onto Admiral Sengoku's ship, much to Sengoku's annoyance.

In the New World, at some place in the sea called Edd War, Buggy freaks out at the potential conflict between the infamous pirates and asks Crocus if Roger is well enough to fight. Crocus 'assures' him that Roger is perfectly okay. Meanwhile, Shiki asks Roger to join him, hoping to use Roger's information on the Ancient Weapons to rule the world. Roger refuses, not wanting to give up the freedom he has. A battle between the two crews ensues, and a change in the weather allows the Roger Pirates to sink half of Shiki's ships.

Little East Blue Arc
Further information: Little East Blue Arc
A special anime-only arc (consisting of four episodes, 426 - 429) was made as a lead up to the movie.

Cast
Character	Japanese VA	Funimation VA
Monkey D. Luffy	Mayumi Tanaka	Colleen Clinkenbeard
Roronoa Zoro	Kazuya Nakai	Christopher Sabat
Nami	Akemi Okamura	Luci Christian
Usopp	Kappei Yamaguchi	Sonny Strait
Sanji	Hiroaki Hirata	Eric Vale
Tony Tony Chopper	Ikue Otani	Brina Palencia
Nico Robin	Yuriko Yamaguchi	Stephanie Young
Franky	Kazuki Yao	Patrick Seitz
Brook	Yūichi Nagashima	Ian Sinclair
Monkey D. Garp	Hiroshi Naka	Brian Mathis
Sengoku	Takkou Ishimori	Ed Blaylock
Nojiko (flashback)	Wakana Yamazaki	Tiffany Grant
Shiki	Naoto Takenaka	Scott McNeil
Dr. Indigo	Ryūsei Nakao	Sean Schemmel
Scarlet	Banjō Ginga	Bryan Massey
Billy	Yasuhiro Takato	Jessie James Grelle
Kitajima	Kōsuke Kitajima	Uncredited
Xiao	Wasabi Mizuta	Lindsay Siedel
Xiao's mother	Mika Doi	Jessica Cavanagh
Xiao's grandmother	Hisako Kyoda	Linda Young
Madam	Tomoko Naka	Jessica Cavanagh
Ever	Aiko Kaitō	Leah Clark
Pirate	Takeshi Aono	Uncredited
Onigumo	Takahiro Fujimoto	Lucas Schuneman
Gallery
Promotional

An alternative promotion poster.

The Straw Hat Pirates (without Nami) as shown in the teaser.

The Straw Hat Pirates as shown in the second trailer.

Update of One Piece Film: Strong World seen in Chapter 551.

The design of each Straw Hat Pirates member in One Piece Film: Strong World.

One Piece Volume Zero announcement.

One Piece Film: Strong World models.
Art by Oda

Color spread for Chapter 0.

For Shonen Jump cover issues 53 (2009), 1, and 2 (2010).
Wardrobe
One of the things the movie is known for is several of the Straw Hat Pirates' costume changes throughout the film.


Luffy when invading Shiki's base.

Zoro when invading Shiki's base.

Nami's outfit when she joined Shiki.

Usopp when invading Shiki's base.

Sanji when invading Shiki's base.

Chopper when invading Shiki's base.

Robin when invading Shiki's base.

Franky when invading Shiki's base.

Brook when invading Shiki's base.
Strong World Books
Three books related to the movie were published during December 2009. On December 4 Toei Animation published the One Piece Pia Mook, a movie guidebook with additional information about the series.[6] On December 14, Shueisha published the film novel One Piece Film: Strong World written by Tatsuya Hamasaki; on December 18 published the One Piece Film 「STRONG　WORLD」 Eichiro Oda Artbook.[7][8] In 2010, December 3, also the anime comic has been released in two parts.[9]

Reception
Box Office
One Piece Film: Strong World, the 10th One Piece anime film, opened with 1.038 billion yen (about US$11.7 million) the opening weekend. By comparison, Ponyo took in 1.025 billion yen (US$11.55 million) during its opening weekend. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince opened on 844 screens in Japan with 990 million yen (US$11.2 million). The previous One Piece movie, Episode of Chopper Plus: Bloom in Winter, Miracle Sakura, earned only 920 million yen (US$11 million) during its entire run less than the 10th film earned in just two days.[10]

One Piece Film: Strong World opened on 188 screens throughout Japan. 103 of those screens had sold-out showings throughout the weekend. The film's per-screen average was 5.52 million yen (US$62,200)—the record for a nationwide release in Japan.
On the first day, the film made 553 million yen (US$6.24 million), and it made 485 million yen (US$5.47 million) on the second day. In all, the film was seen 820,000 times.
Part of the reason for the huge audiences was the One Piece Volume 0 manga that was given to the first attendees. Toei has decided to add another printing of 1 million copies for the manga. Unlike previous One Piece films, Oda had personally overseen the new film's production.
Dub Version
It is the second One Piece movie to be dubbed, with the Episode of Arabasta: The Desert Princess and the Pirates being the first.
Along with it being his film debut, this film also marks the dub's animated debut for Brook, as at the time of its release, the dub's DVDs had yet to reach the Thriller Bark Arc. There's also a special featurette which gives more detail about Brook.
The ending song, Fanfare, was not included due to copyright issues. Instead, one of the movie's non-vocal soundtrack was used.
Trivia
This is the first One Piece movie to be written by Eiichiro Oda himself.
At first the movie was called "The Crystal Ship’s Log" (クリスタル航こう海かい記き, Kurisutaru kōkaigi?) and it was going to be an emotional story with a big chunk devoted to memories. But in the middle of the writing Oda changed his mind and wrote a script more action oriented.[11]
This is the first movie referred to as a 'film', the second being One Piece Film: Z, the third being One Piece Film: Gold and the fourth being One Piece Film: Red.
Oda designed all of the Straw Hats' costumes in the film: the formal, the adventure and the onboard suits.
The original formal suits that the Straw Hats (excluding Brook) wore in the teaser are more or less the same from the Chapter 464 color spread, which was also the tenth anniversary color spread.
In an early trailer, Shanks and Whitebeard appeared in the movie talking about Shiki. This was a reference to the fact Oda originally wanted to mention Shiki within the storyline during their meeting.[12] However, in the final version, they appear in the ending song with Ace.
This movie's promotion led to a significant increase of sold volumes: All 56 volumes of the manga that had been published prior to the movie's release ranked within the Top 200 Oricon selling charts in the week of December 7 to 13, 2009. Shueisha already had announced before the movie's premiere that Volume 56 was being published with 2.85 million copies in its first print.[13]
One Piece Film: Strong World was on the official selection of the 50th Annecy International Animated Film Festival in June 2010. This was announced in the Jump cover of Chapter 587.
In occasion of the film, the following anime adaption/original anime video related to it was been released:
Anime filler Little East Blue Arc.
Anime adaption Episode 0.
In the movie, Robin's eyes have their original brown color, as opposed to her blue eyes in the anime and the other movies.
The poisonous trees Daft Green resemble a species found in Rusukaina.
The bartender from Dead End Adventure appears again as a bartender in Shiki's palace.

Bartender's appearance in Movie 4.

Bartender's appearance in Movie 10.
This movie would be chronologically set after the Thriller Bark Arc and before the Sabaody Archipelago Arc, as Brook is part of the Straw Hats and the whole crew remains together.
The film, however, contradicts a line from Brook in the manga and anime, since Brook said that the fight against the Flying Fish Riders was his first fight as an official member of the Straw Hat Pirates.[14] The contradiction is due to the fact that the movie was written some time after Brook's statement in the manga.
Additionally, this movie makes no mention of the damage that Zoro had received from Bartholomew Kuma at the end of Thriller Bark, which Zoro was still hurting from in Sabaody, and wouldn't be shown recovered from until post-timeskip.
Luffy ends the fight against Shiki with the technique Gomu Gomu no Gigant Thor Axe. The attack was named after Thor, the Norse god of thunderstorms. In the Chapter 719, Luffy wins Don Chinjao using a similar technique, Gomu Gomu no Thor Elephant Gun.
At the end of the movie, only Robin, Franky, Sanji, and Nami wear movie exclusive clothes. The others returned to their initial outfits.
One Piece Film: Strong World DVD/BD version had new scenes, added at Oda's request, showing the fate of Billy, Xiao, and other animals and humans of Merveille Island.[15] The island and its animals were later mentioned in the video game One Piece Odyssey, released in 2023.
Oda later drew nine pins named "After Three Seconds" which showed each Straw Hat's reaction when hearing Nami's message.
The Straw Hat Pirates were split up in the same groups as the cover pages from Chapter 574-577 with Luffy and Nami, Zoro and Chopper, Sanji and Usopp, and Robin, Franky and Brook.