The Whisky Peak Arc is the eighth story arc of the manga and anime One Piece, and the second story arc of the Arabasta Saga.

With a Log Pose now in hand, the Straw Hat Pirates are directed toward Whisky Peak, a town that welcomes pirates with open arms and treats them like celebrities. However, the townsfolk have a dark secret, and an even deeper mystery awaits.


Contents
1	Summary
1.1	A Welcome for Pirates: The Town of Assassins
1.2	The Secret Organization: Baroque Works Strikes
2	Story Impact
3	Anime and Manga Differences
3.1	4Kids Edits
4	Trivia
5	References
6	Arc Navigation
7	Site Navigation
Summary
A Welcome for Pirates: The Town of Assassins
Whisky Peak Infobox
The Straw Hats come to Whisky Peak.

The arc begins with the Straw Hat Crew out in the ocean in the starting leg of the Grand Line. They are quickly introduced to the abnormality of the place, as they experience the ever-changing weather and tides, which constantly keep the crew (save for a sleeping Zoro) on their toes. Eventually, the weather stabilizes and the crew spots an island on the horizon, and on it, the town Whisky Peak. Upon reaching the town, Mr. 9 and Miss Wednesday thank the crew and jump ship, much to the crew's confusion. Since the Log Pose needs time to reset, the crew have no choice but to dock at the mysterious island. Much to their surprise, the residents welcome them as if they are heroes. Soon they meet the town's leader, Igarappoi, who treats them to a party.[1]

Vivi Rides Karoo
Miss Wednesday rides Karoo into battle.

The crew quickly takes to the place, eating, drinking, and flirting (in Sanji and Usopp's case) into the night, until eventually they all fall asleep. However, Igarappoi, as well as a few other operatives in disguise, turn out to be agents of the elusive criminal syndicate, Baroque Works, but both Zoro and Nami had faked passing out, thwarting their surprise attack. This syndicate operates only with the assignments delegated to its agents by the leader, who, like every other member with the number agent status, remains secret and anonymous. When the town bounty hunters, the Millions, are discovered, they hunt and attempt to murder Zoro who, without much effort, picks them off little by little, leaving an anxious Mr. 8, Mr. 9, Miss Monday, and Miss Wednesday to be dealt with.[2][3]

Zoro is then ambushed again by other bounty hunters, but quickly dispatches them, before overpowering Miss Monday.[3] He is then faced by Mr. 8, Mr. 9, and Miss Wednesday; the latter tries to hypnotize and attack Zoro, but she misses because of her mount, Karoo. After escaping Mr. 8, Zoro is found by Mr. 9, who restrains Zoro's left arm using an iron wire. Miss Wednesday then shows up holding Luffy hostage, but is then hit by Mr. 9, after Zoro uses him as a shield for Mr. 8's attack. Zoro then brings the final hit on Mr. 8, defeating him.[4]

The Secret Organization: Baroque Works Strikes
Soon after, Mr. 5 and his lady partner Miss Valentine arrive, but are not present to aid the other, less capable agents of the organization. They reveal that the leader of Baroque Works (Mr. 0) has discovered a spy, who has somehow successfully infiltrated the ranks, and that they have been sent to eliminate them.

Nose Fancy Cannon
Zoro saves Vivi from Mr. 5's attack.

The spies are none other than Igaram (Mr. 8, who used the alias Igarappoi as the town's leader) and Princess Nefertari Vivi (Miss Wednesday) of the Arabasta kingdom. Mr. 9 and Ms. Monday, despite being rather unaware of the situation to their own admission, decide to hold off the Mr. 5 pair so that Vivi can escape, but are swiftly defeated.[5]

Luffy and Zoro Defeat Miss Valentine and Mr. 5
Zoro and Luffy effortlessly defeat Mr. 5 and Miss Valentine.

In a twist of fate, the pirates that Vivi was meant to kill in her role as a double agent are now her protectors, when Igaram promises Nami 1,000,000,000 to ensure her safety back to Arabasta. Zoro comes to Vivi's rescue, however, Luffy arrives at the scene and attacks him,[6] mistakenly believing that the townsfolk Zoro killed were actually friendly. After fighting for a bit, they unintentionally defeat the pair of agents and stop fighting when they are smacked by Nami.[7]

At this point, Vivi explains that her kingdom is falling to ruin, as a civil war has been devised by Baroque Works, and that if she can confront the rebel army with the information on the true cause of the war, she can end it. The leader of Baroque Works, according to her, wants to take over Arabasta and turn it into an "ideal nation" ruled by him, and she reveals the leader to be Crocodile of the Seven Warlords of the Sea. Unfortunately, by revealing his name, Luffy, Zoro, and Nami are added to the Baroque Works hit list by the nearby Mr. 13, causing Nami to throttle her. Afterwards, Igaram appears dressed as Vivi and explains that he will act as a decoy. He departs from Whisky Peak, only to have his ship be blown up as soon as he leaves, seemingly killing him.[8]

Mr. 13 Draws Straw Hats
Mr. 13 draws Luffy, Zoro and Nami.

The Straw Hats and Vivi run to the Going Merry only to find Miss All Sunday, the highest ranking female Baroque Works agent, waiting for them. As it turns out, she was the one who let Vivi find out the boss's identity, yet she was also the one who revealed that she and Igaram were double agents and blew up the ship, so the crew is unsure of what side she is on. Ms. All Sunday gives them an Eternal Pose (a permanent Log Pose) to Nanimonai Island, which is supposedly very close to Arabasta, but Luffy destroys it, claiming that she does not decide their course. As Ms. All Sunday leaves, the crew leave for Little Garden, the next island of the Grand Line.[9]

Story Impact
Zoro's victory over the one hundred bounty hunters in this arc would later contribute to the World Government issuing his first bounty after the events of the Arabasta Arc.[2][3][4]
Baroque Works is introduced, as well as Nico Robin as Miss All Sunday, who would later join the Straw Hat Pirates.[2][9]
Vivi begins traveling with the Straw Hat Pirates, as she, along with Luffy, Zoro, and Nami, are now on Baroque Works' hit list.[8]
Crocodile is the third Warlord of the Sea to be named. Crocodile is also the leader of Baroque Works, code named Mr. 0, who is the main antagonist of the Arabasta Arc.[8]
Vivi is the first noble introduced into the series, though she does not show the selfish nature associated with most other nobles in the series.[5]
Since they are asleep during the battle at Whisky Peak,[2] Usopp and Sanji are not put on Baroque Works' hit list.[8] This would give them an advantage in their later encounters with Baroque Works, especially Sanji, who unlike Usopp, is not added to the hit list later on.
Anime and Manga Differences
In the manga, Nami and Zoro participate in a drinking contest with some of the townsfolk; in the anime, Nami at first has no interest in drinking alcohol until the townspeople bribe her with money, after which she agrees to participate and forces Zoro to join in as well.[10]
In the manga, when Miss Valentine first uses her ability, she uses it on Zoro, who avoids it, but in the anime she first uses it to "bury" Miss Monday.[11]
Vivi's shirt pattern is changed to wavy stripes. In the manga, they are circular, giving her chest a more erotic look. In Movie 8, the shirt is identical to the manga's version.
Vivi's hair and skin colors are lighter in the anime.
4Kids Edits
The wine is changed to fruit punch.
Because the Reverse Mountain Arc is skipped, the scene of Vivi and Mr. 9 jumping ship is skipped.
The name of the town is changed from Whisky Peak to Misty Peak.
Miss Monday's nun disguise is changed to a plain black cloak. Her voice is also changed from sounding high-pitched and feminine to deep and masculine.
Trivia
Initially, in the eighth movie, which retells the story of the Arabasta arc, Whisky Peak was left out. The arc was later animated and added for the TV showings in Tokyo and most likely will appear in a special edition DVD of the movie. Not much is changed in the movie version except for Chopper being in the crew at the time.[12]
According to the Vivre Card databook, the snow sculptures made by Luffy and Usopp before arriving at Whiskey Peak have a birthday of February 18,[13][14] and the dummies Igaram built at the end of the arc have a birthday of February 19.[15] This would make the Whisky Peak Arc one of the few arcs in One Piece with a confirmed date estimation in-story (February 18–19).
References
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 12 Chapter 106 and Episode 64, The Straw Hat Pirates arrive in Whisky Peak.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 12 Chapter 107 and Episode 64, Zoro fights the Baroque Works agents after the crew parties on the island.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 12 Chapter 108 and Episode 65, Zoro continues to fight the Baroque Works agents.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 13 Chapter 109 and Episode 65, Zoro defeats Miss Wednesday, Mr. 8 and Mr. 9.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 13 Chapter 110 and Episode 65, Mr. 5 reveals that Mr. 8 and Miss Wednesday are spies from Arabasta.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 13 Chapter 111 and Episode 66, Vivi is protected by Zoro and her fellow agents against the Mr. 5 pair.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 13 Chapter 112 and Episode 66, Luffy and Zoro fight and then defeat Mr. 5 and Miss Valentine.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 13 Chapter 113 and Episode 67, Vivi explains Arabasta's state and talks about Mr. 0 to Luffy, Zoro, and Nami.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 13 Chapter 114 and Episode 67, The Straw Hats encounter Miss All Sunday before leaving for Little Garden.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 12 Chapter 107 (p. 4) and Episode 64, Zoro and Nami participate in a drinking contest.
 One Piece Manga and Anime — Vol. 13 Chapter 112 (p. 11) and Episode 66, Miss Valentine uses her ability for the first time.
 One Piece Movie — Episode of Arabasta: The Desert Princess and the Pirates, Whisky Peak is left out of the eighth movie.
 Vivre Card - One Piece Visual Dictionary (EX Characters: Arabasta Saga Vol. 1 #0131), The entry of Snowman-san
 Vivre Card - One Piece Visual Dictionary (EX Characters: Arabasta Saga Vol. 1 #0133), The entry of Snow Queen
 Vivre Card - One Piece Visual Dictionary (Card #0141), Henohenounchis' name and birthday are revealed.
Arc Navigation
Whisky Peak Arc
Manga Chapters
106	107	108	109	110	111	112	113	114
Manga Volumes
12	13
Anime Episodes
64	65	66	67
Movies
Movie 8 (remake)