The Elbaph Arc is the thirty-third story arc of the manga and anime One Piece, the second story arc of the Final Saga, and the tenth story arc of the second half of the series.

The Straw Hat Pirates, joined by the Giant Warrior Pirates, travel to Elbaph, where Robin reunites with Jaguar D. Saul and Luffy meets Elbaph's imprisoned and disgraced prince Loki. Meanwhile, as the world reels from Vegapunk's shocking announcement, the Red Hair Pirates, Cross Guild and the Blackbeard Pirates actively search for the One Piece while the God's Knights begin to mobilize, with their eyes set on annexing Elbaph for the World Government.


Contents
1	Summary
1.1	Turmoil in the New World
1.2	An Illusive Country: The Land of Gods
1.3	Adventure in Elbaph, Land of the Giants
1.4	Reuniting with the Giants: The History Behind Elbaph
2	Story Impact
3	References
4	Arc Navigation
5	Site Navigation
Summary
Turmoil in the New World
The Straw Hat Pirates party and feast with the Giant Warrior Pirates, Lilith and Jewelry Bonney after their successful escape from Egghead, and their partial success in rescuing Vegapunk via Lilith. Dorry and Brogy reveal they left Little Garden in order to go back to Elbaph to obtain new weapons so they can resume their duel. Bonney and her father Bartholomew Kuma celebrate seeing the horizon together.

Barto Club Blown Up
The Barto Club is defeated by the Red Hair Pirates.

At Gartel Island, the Red Hair Pirates took revenge on the Straw Hat Grand Fleet's Barto Club for burning their flag on their territory, shackling their captain Bartolomeo. Hongo explained to Bartolomeo that he would be forgiven if within the next month he hands a poison to Monkey D. Luffy that will kill him violently. However, in order to protect his idol, Bartolomeo drinks the poison. However, despite his resolve to die in Luffy's place, it is soon revealed that the poison was fake, and the Red-Haired Pirates let them go. Shanks is seen smiling and when asked by Benn Beckman, he explained he was happy to see that someone cares about Luffy so deeply. However, Yasopp asked Shanks to step out of the way, stating that "every action has a price to be paid" and with a shot of his rifle, he sunk the Going Luffy-senpai, leaving it unknown whether the crew survived or not.

Blackbeard Pirates Meeting
Blackbeard and his officers discuss their next move.

Blackbeard returned to Hachinosu after defeating the Heart Pirates where he started scolding Avalo Pizarro for letting Koby and Gecko Moria escape, explaining that the Poneglyphs have become common knowledge and that they must prepare to take on the Four Emperors, Marines, and World Government. Teach's mood eventually improved after seeing that his crew's morale was high and became even more pleased with Kuzan for capturing Garp, and the successful kidnapping of Charlotte Pudding. Blackbeard then contacted Laffitte who had infiltrated the headquarters of Umit Shipping where the Revolutionary Army was blocking food from reaching Mary Geoise. Catarina Devon and Van Augur soon returned to Hachinosu with Caribou.[1]

An Illusive Country: The Land of Gods
Two days after the Egghead Incident, the Giant Warrior Pirates' ship is still on its way to Elbaph. However, after drinking heavily, the ones on board (the Giants, Nico Robin, Franky, Brook, Jinbe, Jewelry Bonney, and Lilith) realized the Thousand Sunny and remaining Straw Hat Pirates were nowhere to be found.

Land of Gods Infobox
The Straw Hats find themselves in the Land of Gods.

Nami awakens with a hangover inside a mysterious castle[1] wearing a new outfit she did not remember putting on. She quickly reunited with Usopp and both flee from the many giant animals living in the castle, until they are finally saved by Luffy, Zoro and Sanji, who claimed to have been fighting and eating many other giant creatures around the castle. All of them are wearing new clothes similar to those worn by the Elbaph giants, but none of them know how they got there, nor the whereabouts of the Sunny and the rest of the crew.[2] After leaving the castle, Usopp theorized that, based on their clothes, which resemble those of the giants, that they were in Elbaph and that they somehow became giants. They soon encountered a person riding a massive grasshopper, who claimed that they were in the Land of Gods, and that the various massive animals were all gods. He then warned them against going to the Sun God's temple which was guarded by ferocious guardians, though this instead ignited Luffy's lust for adventure, and he instead races towards said temple, before his crew could stop him. However, he seemingly collided into the sky itself, causing it to shatter, which threw the land into confusion. They then soon realized that the sky was actually a massive one-sided mirror, and just beyond it was another hobby room, of a giant's proportions, where they soon found and rescued Chopper.

After examining the room, they discovered a giant-sized sewing set and building blocks, similar to those that make up the kingdom they were trapped in. They quickly came to the conclusion that a giant of questionable tastes had captured them in their sleep, dressed them up like dolls and placed them in a massive diorama. Soon after, they were beset by giant animals who guarded the place, forcing them to fight. The commotion of their battle attracted the attention of the fake Sun God, who was outraged at the damage done to the hobby room and his pets, causing him to pursue the Straw Hats back into the diorama, just after they defeated his pets. As they ran away, they subdued Iscat, the giant cat that can turn into a lion, and had it carried them across the "Land of Gods", which was just a regular-sized room to the giant.[3]

Road Struck Down
Nami uses Raitei against Road.

Nami, having memorized the schematics of the diorama, directed them to go to the opposite side of the room, where they exited through the wall on the other end. The fake Sun God, who was actually Road of the New Giant Warrior Pirates, pursued them, briefly capturing them with a metal net, though Zoro and Sanji quickly broke them out of it. However, Road remained confident that they would be unable to escape, as the "kingdom" was originally a prison for giants, but he soon learned from his other captives, whom he referred to as "Live-dolls", of all the damage the Straw Hats have done to his diorama. As it turns out, Road was against his captain, Hajrudin, joining their crew to the Straw Hat Grand Fleet and being subservient to Luffy. So when his giant raven, Muginn, brought him the Thousand Sunny with the Straw Hats in it from the Sleeping Mist Zone, he thought he could make them his servants by turning them into "Live-dolls". As Road laughed at the drama the Straw Hats brought to his little "kingdom", Nami had Zeus strike him with a Lightning Blast while Luffy broke the wall with a Mini Gear 4: Gomu Gomu no Kong Gun, allowing them to escape the cell.[4]

Adventure in Elbaph, Land of the Giants
At sea, the remaining Straw Hats declared to the Giant Warrior Pirates the search for their comrades was over. Even though they couldn't find their crewmates, they have looked everywhere, and they were confident that they were alive, so they decided to proceed to their intended destination in hopes of finding them, which the giants happily obliged to. They soon received a newspaper, which revealed that Dorry and Brogy's bounties have both shot up to 1,800,000,000 (though Robin stated this was partially due to a century of inflation), and that Luffy was pinned with the murder of Vegapunk while the giant captains were framed for attacking Egghead. However, as Robin examined the article, she noticed that the picture of Luffy in Gear 5 had an oddly prominent "X" mark on his arm. The conversation soon turned to Hajrudin, with the giants claiming that he had wanted to pick them up, but an internal issue in Elbaph had prevented them: The evil giant prince, Loki, had escaped his punishment of crucifixion, killed his father, the previous giant king, Harald, and consumed his legendary Devil Fruit, which had forced virtually every giant in Elbaph to mobilize to stop and imprison him. The giants had dubbed him the "Accursed Prince" and the "Shame of Elbaph", and fear the day he is released would spell the end of the world.[5] Later, Robin had Brook give her a haircut, resembling the way she had had it prior to the timeskip, in hopes of allowing Saul to remember her more easily.[6]

Back with Luffy's group, they found themselves having escaped to a giant-sized castle atop a mountain, with the only route to or from it being a giant-sized rope suspension bridge. Just as the Straw Hats decided to depart, they had to quickly hide themselves, as they saw two other giants crossing the bridge: Gerd and Goldberg of the New Giant Warrior Pirates. The Straw Hats remained hidden as they did not know them, while the two giants discussed Road's shameful behavior. Gerd's pet owl, Piper had seen Muginn bringing the Thousand Sunny to Road, and they decided to confront him about actively bringing intruders into Elbaph. After the giants walked by, the Straw Hats traversed the bridge themselves; although partway across, Luffy decided to enter the forest below, in order to investigate a voice he had been sensing.[5] The rest of the crew kept going down the bridge, until Usopp realized that they were being pursued by an unfamiliar giant with lightning burns, who was in turn being pursued by the two other giants who were carrying the Sunny. Realizing that the burnt giant was probably the fake Sun God, Zoro wanted to fight, but the rest, seeing that the end of the bridge was close at hand, decided to make a sprint to the end.[6]

Luffy found a blindfolded and chained up giant who sensed Luffy and demanded to know who he was. Luffy introduced himself as the future Pirate King, and when he asked the giant in turn who he was and where they were, the giant declared he was Loki, the self-proclaimed Sun God, and that they were in Elbaph.[5] After getting confirmation that they were indeed on Elbaph, Luffy started to chatter one-sidedly until Loki yelled at him to be quiet, before asking the human to free him. He explained he had been chained to the Treasure Tree Adam with Seastone chains, in the lowest part of Elbaph called the Underworld for the past six years, and that if he were freed, he would promise to destroy a single pirate crew on Luffy's behalf. Loki's massive pets, as well as a group of humans who had survived after picking a fight with Elbaph, emerged from the forest, and Loki threatened to have them attack Luffy if he did not cooperate. However, both the humans and giants were shocked when Luffy instantly tamed the giant beasts. When the humans mentioned Shanks, Luffy immediately started inquiring about him, but Loki made the bad decision to mock the Emperor as a coward, causing Luffy to immediately enter Gear 4 and attack him in anger. Loki managed to dodge the attack and took back what he had said in order to prevent angering Luffy further, but when Luffy continued his inquiry, the prince stated he was not going to answer anything more for free. Elsewhere in the Underworld, Hajrudin and Stansen had hunted down a "moose", which they carried with them, intending to feed it to the Straw Hats.[6]

After making a promise to Loki and being sworn to secrecy, Luffy went back to the rope bridge, where he encountered Gerd and Goldberg carrying the Sunny. The giants warmly welcomed him and inquired about what he had been doing in the Underworld. Luffy was afraid to answer, but the two giants retracted their question as they mistook his reaction for a person who had experienced something traumatic. They soon came across the rest of the Straw Hats, who had trapped Road under a tree in a forest in the Sun World. Gerd and Goldberg then struck Road with their weapons as punishment for capturing the Straw Hats. Having reunited, the Straw Hats headed to the nearest giant village in excitement, alongside their new giant hosts. Offshore from Elbaph, the Giant Warrior Pirates finally reached the island and sailed up a rainbow to directly reach the Sun World, meeting up with Hajrudin and Stansen on the way. As they sailed up the rainbow, the giants explained to the humans various things about Elbaph, such as how they "drew" the sailable rainbow with cubes called Painters, and that Elbaph was split into three tiers by the Treasure Tree Adam: the Underworld, which is the island base; the Sun World, which resides on the lower level of branches; and the Heaven World, which lies on the canopy. They soon reached the village at about the same time as their separated crew members, with every human marveling at the beauty and scale of the Western Village.[7]

Reuniting with the Giants: The History Behind Elbaph
As seen in a flashback 22 years ago, after the Ohara Incident, Spandine's lies and the World Government smear campaign against Robin had caused her to live a hellish life, and even contemplated suicide, with only the final words of Saul and her mother stopping her from doing so. In the present day, Straw Hats continued marveling at Elbaph, with Lilith stating how the islands climate is perfect for the clouds, rainbows, and even bubbles. Road was beaten up and crucified for his antics. Hajrudin then introduced his crew to Luffy and carried the Straw Hats to a feast for them. However, Robin first wanted to meet with Saul, so the rest of the Straw Hats decided to tag along, and Gerd took them all in her svarr to the Warrior's Spring, next to the Owl Library, where Saul was a teacher who mainly taught history.

Robin And Saul Reunite
Robin and Saul reunite.

A giant announced that Saul had collapsed, but Robin just giggled and approached Saul by herself. Just as she came before him, Saul reenacted their first meeting by suddenly roaring at her, though Robin expected it. The two discussed Nico Olvia, Vegapunk's broadcast, and the Ohara Incident. The flames from the bombardment of the Buster Call had melted Kuzan's ice, and Saul had fallen into the ocean, which allowed him to live. When Saul expressed his anger about the smear campaign against her, Robin stated that she did not want to hear any more bad things, and instead wished to be praised for staying alive, with the giant hugging her and complying. This caused Robin to remember the painful times she went through, so she broke down and started crying about how much she had missed him. Saul also cried and returned the sentiment, which caused the other Straw Hats to burst into tears as Luffy happily looked on warmly.[8]

Luffy thanked Saul for what he did for Robin, and Saul knew that the Straw Hats were the friends he was hoping Robin would be able to find. Saul also thanked the Straw Hats for protecting Robin and was impressed that they became a crew within the Four Emperors. Lilith then greeted Saul, introducing herself as Vegapunk, and revealed she brought a clone of the original Vegapunk from Egghead with interest in building a new lab on Elbaph. The other giant who first told the Straw Hats about Saul introduced herself as Ange, a librarian at the Owl Library. She offered to give the Straw Hats a tour of the Walrus School founded by Saul 20 years ago while Saul took Robin, Chopper, Bonney, and Lilith to the Owl Library.

Owl Library Interior
Saul shows his group inside the Owl Library.

When the Straw Hats got to the school, they were told that the giant children were not supposed to act like fearsome fighters. The biology teacher Ripley explained that Elbaph's reputation as a kingdom of warriors was 100 years in the past, because the king Harald wanted Elbaph to trade with other countries instead of pillaging them. Ange also said that Harald had a dream to reform Elbaph, but after his son killed him, the country had no ruler. Meanwhile, Saul showed his group the Owl Library, where every book could be gigantified, and it had every book the giants collected after Ohara's destruction, which brought Robin to tears.[9] Saul explained that the power which gigantified the books was because of the chief librarian Biblo, who could do so thanks to the Iku Iku no Mi.[10]

In the Underworld, Loki had a conversation with a mysterious person named Mosa over a Den Den Mushi. Loki discussed a tragic incident that involved Mosa and stated that he would have killed everyone present if he was in their place. The two then argued where Mosa thought Loki expressed some kindless when acting violent, but he angrily shouted at them and told them to wait until he escaped from imprisonment. While the giants were partying at the Western Village in the Sun World, two hooded figures arrived inside the large castle through magic circles.[9]

Colon Attacks Luffy
Colon attacks Luffy.

At the Walrus School, Luffy rode a giant swing with Usopp and some giant children, but his desire to swing very high frightened the giants and led to him being punished by Nami. Suddenly, Colon arrived and started to launch an attack against Luffy. He tried to swing his sword at Luffy, but it easily broke and Luffy countered with Gomu Gomu no Elephant Gun, which knocked Colon off balance while missing him. Colon was left amazed by Luffy's strength, but the other schoolchildren got angry at them both for causing a fight. Colon then revealed to the Straw Hats that he was the son of Ripley and a human father, who used to be a brave pirate, but did not marry Ripley because of their differences in aging. When the Straw Hats visited the Owl Library, Gerd gave them new outfits, and Luffy told them to meet up at the village while Lilith and Bonney chose to stay.

Back in the Aurust Castle, the two hooded figures were confronted by two giant guards, and said they were searching for Loki. The guards replied that the castle was empty and that they could not give away where he was. In response, the hooded figure used a barrage of projectiles against one of the guards to incapacitate him and demanded once more where Loki was.

In the Western Village, the Straw Hats arrived to the party held by the giants to celebrate them helping their pirate crews in the past and for defeating Kaidou and Big Mom. The party was then visited by Jarul, the oldest giant in the world, but Luffy noticed that there was a sword piercing his helmet.[10] While the Straw Hats were celebrating, Road appeared and apologized for his actions, and explained it was because of his dream to be the "Sun God" and rule the world. This sparked an argument among the giants about who the Sun God really was. According to Jarul, this was because of Elbaph's ancient religious text known as the Harley, and there were many interpretations of it because nobody could accurately translate it. What the giants know is that the world was destroyed twice before, and Nika was closely related to those events, but his role was unknown. Jarul also believed that Harald and Loki had their morals because of who they thought Nika was. The giants said that ever since Loki's birth, Elbaph experienced constant destruction and misfortune, and it was prophesized even before his birth that he would kill Harald. Jarul got stabbed through the head when he and other giants tried to stop Loki, and it was only six years ago when he was defeated by Shanks. This encouraged Luffy to go and free Loki from imprisonment, as they made a deal where Loki would tell Luffy where Shanks was in return for freeing him. Afterwards, Luffy, Zoro, Nami, and Road went to the Aurust Castle where they could find the key.

The two figures from Aurust Castle managed to track down Loki in the Underworld, where they offered him to join the God's Knights, but Loki refused as he believed it would put him to the same level of scum as the World Nobles. One of the figures asked about the agents they sent to Elbaph, but the opposite figure, revealed to be Gunko and a member of the God's Knights, said that they suddenly lost contact after encountering a giant crow. Gunko used her ability to wrap a strip around a giant wolf and offered to spare it if Loki accepted the offer. Loki refused again and let them kill the wolf, using it as motivation for him to accomplish his goal of ending the world.[11]

Luffy's group arrived at the Aurust Castle in search of the keys to Loki's chains, remarking that the outside had been damaged recently. On their way in, Road said that Loki had killed his father and a hundred other warriors in a vicious battle, and only Jarul survived. They then came across a portrait of Harald, and Road said that he was considered Elbaph's greatest king and ripped out his horns due to him possessing the blood of Ancient Giants from a time of war. He also revealed that Hajrudin was Loki's half-brother, who grew up away from the royal family because his mother was not from Elbaph. He admitted feeling sorry for Hajrudin and wanted to help him achieve his dream of uniting all giants.

Cerberus Stabs Loki
Cerberus' heads stab Loki.

Back in the Underworld, Gunko tortured Loki to get him to accept in joining the God's Knights but was unsuccessful. Gunko's associate told her to stop, and that they should contact Mary Geoise for help. The person is identified as Figarland Shamrock, the commander of the God's Knights and the son of Figarland Garling. He declared that the powerful warriors of Elbaph would be brought under control of the World Government no matter what.[12] As the two left, Loki mentioned Shamrock's resemblance to Shanks, to which Shamrock responded that Shanks was his younger twin brother and returned to Mary Geoise at some point, but ultimately gave up his birthright and resided in the lower world. But after Loki tried issuing threats, Shamrock decided to finish off Loki by summoning Cerberus from his saber. The two then left on a bird-like construct created by Gunko's power as the swords in Cerberus' heads brutally stab Loki. Shamrock decided that they should move on to capture Elbaph's children and told Gunko to call someone to assist them.

Inside Aurust Castle, Luffy's group found the two giant guards that were victims of Shamrock and Gunko. The guards claimed that one of them was Shanks, but Luffy refused to believe them. They instead suggested that it could be someone who looked like Shanks, and Luffy said that in his experience, Shanks never mentioned his family. Meanwhile, someone else approached the outside of the castle.

Elbaph Adam Tree Mural
Elbaph's ancient mural.

Ripley took Franky on a tour of Elbaph's Treasure Tree Adam. They came across an ancient mural that was carved during the Void Century and had depicted wars between races. At the Owl Library, Saul showed Robin and Chopper the Harley, the ancient text that explained Elbaph's myths and legends, and because it is very old, there were many interpretations of who the Sun God was. The book was written in three chapters, each depicting a period of history as a "world", with the third world describing the present and future. Based on Robin's reading, the first world was engulfed in fire, death, and darkness. The second world was filled with war, and those of both the half-moon and moon dreamed. The third world mentions the Sun God dancing and laughing and guiding the world.[13]

While Luffy's group continued through Aurust Castle, they reached the Throne Room and found a magic circle, but they could not figure out how it appeared. Suddenly, they heard a voice and were attacked by a swinging axe. The person was on the throne and revealed to be "Ya-san", a human resident of Elbaph and a former pirate. He claimed he came to the castle due to sensing some powerful Haki, and he heard stories about Luffy before. He was also Ripley's partner and Colon's father. When Luffy told him he wanted to free Loki, Ya-san warned him to be careful. Luffy's group continued while ignoring him, but it made Ya-san smile and think back to when he served under Gol D. Roger, who also ignored his warnings. He told Road to push the throne, which revealed an empty treasure room below with the key to Loki's chains intact. Ya-san said that not even the thieves wanted to set Loki free and challenged Luffy to a battle with the key as the reward.

In the Western Village, Oimo told the Straw Hats that in the Roger Pirates, there was a powerful pirate who had similar strength to both Roger and his right hand Silvers Rayleigh. During a trip to the mountains to get Roger to a hospital, the pirate defeated hundreds and pirates with just his two axes, also destroying every tree in the area, which earned him the epithet "Mountain-Eater". He began living in Elbaph for over 20 years under the alias of "Ya-san", and his real identity is revealed as the "Left Hand of the Pirate King", Scopper Gaban.[14]

Story Impact
Jarul[10] and Scopper Gaban[14] are reintroduced in the present for the first time.
Gaban is known as "Ya-san" in Elbaph and is the partner of Ripley and father of the half giant child Colon.[14]
The Red Hair Pirates sink the Barto Club as punishment for burning their jolly roger, and the fate of the Barto Club's members is unknown.[1]
Garp is revealed to still be alive and is being held captive by the Blackbeard Pirates.[1]
Luffy can now employ Gear 4 techniques on certain parts of his body without having to transform fully.[4]
According to the newspapers, Luffy killed Vegapunk with the help of the Giant Warrior Pirates. In response, Dorry and Brogy's bounties have been reactivated, with their pictures updated and raised to 1,800,000,000 each.[5]
Luffy's picture in the newspaper has a familiar X mark drawn onto his arm.[5]
Hajrudin is revealed to be the half-brother of Loki and the illegitimate son of Elbaph's former king, Harald.[5][12]
It is revealed by Loki that the giant tree of Elbaph is the legendary Adam Treasure Tree.[6]
Explorer Louis Arnote warns people not to linger in Elbaph for too long under any circumstances.[7]
Robin reunites with Saul after 22 years.[8]
Lilith reveals that a clone of Vegapunk was brought with them from Egghead. This clone was the Vegapunk who visited Elbaph 20 years ago.[9]
Lilith intends to build a new laboratory on Elbaph to extract the clone from the bio-fluid container and to restore Kuma's mind.[9] As a result, she and Bonney plan to stay on Elbaph.[10]
During a tour on the World Adam Tree, Franky and Ripley arrive at the remains of a giant ancient facility where Lilith decides to make as her new base of operations. Lilith estimates the facility is at least 3,000 years old.[15]
More information on the history of giants and particularly Elbaph culture is revealed:
Loki was imprisoned for killing King Harald in his desire to obtain a legendary Devil Fruit.[5]
Elbaph's children are no longer trained to be warriors due to King Harald's reforms.[9]
According to Road, there are no longer any pure-blooded Ancient Giants anymore, but traces of their blood can still be found in a few giants.[12]
According to an ancient text Harley, the world was already destroyed twice and Nika was connected in both events.[12]
The giants believe Nika to be at least either a God of Liberation, God of Destruction or God of Laughter.[11]
Many giants see Nika as a symbol of power and strive to become the "Sun God" themself.[12]
Additional members of the God's Knights are revealed, including Gunko, Shamrock, Sommers, and Killingham, with the intent of kidnapping the giants' children in order to subjugate the giants. They also unsuccessfully tried to recruit Loki to join their ranks.
Shamrock is revealed to be Shanks' identical older twin brother, both being members of the Figarland Family as well as the sons of Figarland Garling.
Shamrock reveals that Shanks knows of his World Noble heritage and visited Mary Geoise in the past but renounced his birthright and chose to remain in the lower world.[13]
It is heavily implied that becoming a God's Knight bestows World Noble status; however, most of the revealed members were already by default members of royal bloodlines (e.g. the Figarland, Shepherd, and Rimoshifu families).
The Rimoshifu family is a newly revealed royal bloodline.
It is mentioned by Loki that he would have become King of the World had he encountered the God's Knights in his earlier days at sea.[16]
It is revealed by Killingham that only people carrying a "mark" can travel through the "Abyss".[17]
According to a mural on Elbaph's Adam tree which was painted during the Void Century, there were two world wars, with a third one imminent.[13]
Two new hybrid races are revealed: the Dosundada and Longlimbnecks.[14]
Loki reveals he used to worship Rocks D. Xebec 40 years prior similarly to Luffy and Shanks, however, Rocks refused to take Loki with him as he was still a child at the time.[16]
Saul reveals that the God's Knights are immortal.[18]
According to Imu, Mary Geoise is currently under attack.[19]
References
 One Piece Manga — Vol. 111 Chapter 1126.
 One Piece Manga — Vol. 111 Chapter 1127.
 One Piece Manga — Vol. 111 Chapter 1128.
 One Piece Manga — Vol. 111 Chapter 1129.
 One Piece Manga — Vol. 111 Chapter 1130.
 One Piece Manga — Vol. 111 Chapter 1131.
 One Piece Manga — Vol. 111 Chapter 1132.
 One Piece Manga — Vol. 111 Chapter 1133.
 One Piece Manga — Chapter 1134.
 One Piece Manga — Chapter 1135.
 One Piece Manga — Chapter 1136.
 One Piece Manga — Chapter 1137.
 One Piece Manga — Chapter 1138.
 One Piece Manga — Chapter 1139.
 One Piece Manga — Chapter 1144.
 One Piece Manga — Chapter 1145.
 One Piece Manga — Chapter 1140.
 One Piece Manga — Chapter 1147.
 One Piece Manga — Chapter 1149.
Arc Navigation
Elbaph Arc
Manga Chapters
1126	1127	1128	1129	1130	1131	1132	1133	1134	1135	1136
1137	1138	1139	1140	1141	1142	1143	1144	1145	1146	1147
1148	1149	1150
Manga Volumes
111	112